---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-17T23:58:22.052Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-17T23:58:06.457Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-17-4aa3162e-8948-45a8-bc3b-1d7212ceb957.md
published: true
url: 4aa3162e-8948-45a8-bc3b-1d7212ceb957/index.html
_type: Article

---
Orlando, Florida.

02.16.2016 - 11:32 pm 

To the one my heart searches for, 

These letters are a formal externalization of my intuitive guidance and a tangible representation of the absorbent inner voice that commands my attention and directs my heart toward a life with you. I am companionship oriented and have sought after your kind spirit for as long as I can remember. I have venturedthrough the uncharted territories of my mind, body, and soul to find the one I belong with. Daily, I embark on a journey for the woman who ignites my soul, inspires my heart, and challenges my mind towards greater expansion. I know that a day will soon come whentimewill dilate and seem eternal. When our gaze willdistill to answer the deepest calls of my heart.

I loved you before we ever met. I spent countless nights humbled before the blank pages of my journal as I sought to refine the dreams I wanted to share with you. 

There have been so many times throughout my journey that I have sat alone, faced with the unforgiving truth of an empty chair standing across the table from me... I have long gazed into this sphere of loneliness creating a world where you sit, smiling back, reminding me why I chose to believe in our love for so long. There is nowhere to hide from the piercing canyon of vacant space across the table. It always cuts through my shields and calls forth the inner truth in life. When each of my insecurities stand exposed, demanding attention and healing. 

I felt this void when my soul first awakened. When I began to shake free from the heated chains of distortion that are cast so readily upon the minds of our society's men. I was gifted a glimpse into the ethereal realm where unconditional love and infinite depths of beauty were found. I began to discover the truth behind my beliefs and aligned with my heart's greatest desires. In that sacred space of the inner world, beyond all thresholds of insecurity and conditioning, I observed a vast and expansive place. It is a field of the spirit that that can only be populated by the loving frequency of the one that I live for. It is a space where we treasure our connection, where we cherish each other as gifts, and guard the other's heart from doubt and disbelief. It is the place where you belong. This solemn arena has the power to absorb my thoughts, dissolve my fears, and catalyze me into the realm of blissful imagination. Where I can dream only about the adventures of an enriched life spent by your side. 

These moments of character development serve as the ever present reminder that a woman of your caliber deserves a man who is complete. Who knows his creator, and who walks with him daily. This practice leads me closer to becoming one who is aware and seeks a life filled with creation, appreciation, and inspiration.

Wherever you are this evening, I pray that you find rest and peace.  

Know I love you with every fiber of my being, 

Logan